e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\bin\Debug\MusicBird.exe
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\bin\Debug\MusicBird.pdb
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\bin\Debug\resources.pri
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\bin\Debug\MusicBird.build.appxrecipe
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\App.xaml
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\MusicBird.exe
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\MusicBird.pdb
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\StartPage.g.i.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\StartPage.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\SearchResultsPage.g.i.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\SearchResultsPage.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\StartPage.xaml
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Debug\SearchResultsPage.xaml
