e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\bin\Release\MusicBird.exe
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\bin\Release\MusicBird.pdb
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\bin\Release\resources.pri
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\bin\Release\AppxManifest.xml
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\bin\Release\MusicBird.build.appxrecipe
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\App.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\App.xaml
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\MusicBird.exe
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\MusicBird.pdb
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\priconfig.xml
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\layout.resfiles
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\resources.resfiles
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\pri.resfiles
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\LanguageQualifiers.txt
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\ProjectArchitectures.txt
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\SearchResultsPage.g.i.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\SearchResultsPage.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\SearchResultsPage.xaml
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\StartPage.g.i.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\StartPage.g.cs
e:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MusicBird\MusicBird\obj\Release\StartPage.xaml
